-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going
to learn about the Kubernetes Ingress concept
SSL discovery with host and TLS.
So we are going to implement two demos
as part of this concept.
So now let's go and understand
what exactly is this SSL certificate discovery, right?
So if you see here,
this is SSL certificate discovery using host.
So if you see in the rules earlier,
we have already implemented the host header base routing.
So where you have seen the app 101.stacksimplify.com
and app 201.stacksimplify.com,
where specified in the Ingress rules
with the host as the argument.
So here, TLS certificates for ALB listeners
can be automatically discovered with host names
from Ingress resources.
So if the ALB Ingress related certificate ARN
is not specified.
In simple terms,
when you are using this host header base routing, right?
So from these host values
you have given that DNS name here very clearly,
app101.stacksimplify.com.
So which means you really don't need
to provide this certificate ARN
and related annotation and provide the ARN
of your SSL certificate from your certificate manager.
So by default, Ingress can directly
take the available certificate for these names
which means if the name matches stacksimplify.com.
So if you have something called star.stacksimplify.com
so that matches these domain names
app101.stacksimplify.com and app201.stacksimplify.com
So automatically it'll take that
and then associate with your Ingress service.
So which is nothing,
but it'll associate with your application load balancer.
We explicitly don't need
to define this certificate ARN annotation.
So which means which is a very good thing
that we don't need to go to our certificate manager
and go to that respective certificate
and get the ARN and hard code that ARN in the service,
we don't need to do all those tasks.
So automatically it is going
to take it with this SSL discovery with host option,
whenever you are using the host base rules.
In addition to that, any other rules,
not the host base rules,
you are doing the context part base routing, right?
So at that point of time
you are using only a default backend of something.
So at that point of time,
so it can also use something called a TLS field.
So in the next demo
we are going to see the TLS field related demo.
So the controller will attempt to discover TLS certificates
from the TLS field in the Ingress
and host field in the Ingress rules.
So this part you have seen host field in the Ingress rules,
you already seen here.
And in the next demo we are going to,
in the next slide we are going to see that TLS field related
thing too.
And another important note here
is you need to explicitly specify
to use HTTPS listener with listen ports annotation.
And anyway we are going to do that
and we have already seen in our Ingress resources also.
So you can see we are already specifying
the listen ports 443 for our SSL communication.
So we have no issues with this important node.
So now let's come back to this demo two,
which is SSL discovery with TLS.
So here if you see your DNS name you have provided us
start to discover a TLS 901.stacksimplify.com.
You have something called your default backend.
And here there is no host rules here.
This is simple context port-based routing
related example, right?
So at that point when you are using other than host.
And then if you want to use,
if you want to auto detect your SSL certificate
and associate with your Ingress service,
which means it need to associate
with your application load balancer,
you can also use this TLS option
and provide with TLS hosts and provide your host names here,
star.stacksimplify.com.
So automatically this related certificate
will be associated with your Ingress resourcer service,
which means whenever we are implementing
these SSL certificate discovery in Ingress
using host or TLS options,
we really don't need to have this annotation enabled.
So you can go ahead and then commend this certificate here
and related annotation in your both demos.
So this completes the introductory part
of SSL discovery using host and TLS in Ingress.
In our next demo,
in our next lecture
we are going to practically go ahead
and then implement these things.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.